(lldb) plugin load /workspaces/gdbsos/src/diagnostics/artifacts/bin/linux.x64.Debug/libsosplugin.so
(lldb) soshelp loadsymbols
Description:
  Loads symbols for all modules.

Usage:
  > loadsymbols [<url>] [options]

Arguments:
  <url>  Symbol server URL.

Options:
  -ms               Use the public Microsoft symbol server.
  -mi               Use the internal symweb symbol server.
  -interactive      Allows user interaction will be included in the 
                    authentication flow.
  -clear, -disable  Clear or disable symbol download support.
  -reset            Reset the HTTP symbol servers clearing any cached failures.
  -cache            Specify a symbol cache directory.
  -nocache          Do not automatically add the default cache before a server.
  -directory        Specify a directory to search for symbols.
  -pat              Access token to the authenticated server.
  -timeout          Specify the symbol server timeout in minutes.
  -retrycount       Specify the symbol server timeout retry count.
  -loadsymbols      Attempt to load native symbols for all modules.

This commands enables symbol server support in SOS. The portable PDBs for managed assemblies
and .NET Core native symbol and module (like the DAC) files are downloaded.

To enable downloading symbols from the Microsoft symbol server:

    (lldb) setsymbolserver -ms

This command may take some time without any output while it attempts to download the symbol files. 

To disable downloading or clear the current SOS symbol settings allowing new symbol paths to be set:

    (lldb) setsymbolserver -disable

To add a directory to search for symbols:

    (lldb) setsymbolserver -directory /home/mikem/symbols

This command can be used so the module/symbol file structure does not have to match the machine 
file structure that the core dump was generated.

To clear the default cache run "rm -r $HOME/.dotnet/symbolcache" in a command shell.

If you receive an error like the one below on a core dump, you need to set the .NET Core
runtime with the "sethostruntime" command. Type "soshelp sethostruntime" for more details.

    (lldb) setsymbolserver -ms
    Error: Fail to initialize CoreCLR 80004005
    SetSymbolServer -ms  failed

The "-loadsymbols" option and the "loadsymbol" command alias attempts to download the native .NET
Core symbol files. It is only useful for live sessions and not core dumps. This command needs to 
be run before the lldb "bt" (stack trace) or the "clrstack -f" (dumps both managed and native
stack frames).

    (lldb) loadsymbols
    (lldb) bt
(lldb) quit
